---
sidebar_position: 1
---

`bb`

To list all available commands in bb-cli

`bb login`

To log in to Appblocks Account. If already logged in it will output
"Already signed in as <your email>"
If not it will open the default browser and redirect to shield for authorisation.
After successfully authorising. A success dialog will be shown and success message will be shown in the cli
`bb logout`

To log out from Appblocks Account. If you want to use a different shield account, you have to
first logout and then login again with the corrent shield account.

`bb use/bb use space_name`

To connect with or to switch space context. This will set the space with space_name as the
default space in which block syncs should happen globally in the machine.
Running just `bb use` without space name will list all the spaces you created and you can choose one
from the list

`bb connect <service>`

To connect source control provider (organization/personal account) with CLI to create, sync and manage repositories.

eg: `bb connect github`

Currently, we only support GitHub. With this a browser will be opened and user will be redirected to github for
authorisation. You may need to copy and paste the authorization code into the browser.

`bb disconnect <service>`

To remove source control connection from bb-cli. This is mostly used if you want to connect a different github account instead of the one you already using.

eg: `bb disconnect GitHub`

`bb config`

To list, delete & set configuration details of bb-cli

`bb init <package_name>`

Used to create a package block. This is an intialisation command. We can use bb create also to create a package block, here the package block create with init command will be the root package block. You cannot run init in any other package block context.

eg: `bb init todo_package_app`

`bb  create <component>`

Used to create a block; UI, Function, Package or Shared Block. This command will prompt you to choose the type of block. It will also create a sample template.

`bb start / bb start <block_name>`

To run all blocks/individual blocks separately.If run with no options, will emulate and run all the blocks in the context.

`bb stop / bb stop <block_name>`

To kill a running block. If bb stop is run without any options (block name), all the blocks live in the context will be killed.

`bb sync`

To sync already created block/s to Appblocks Registry for the first time. OR

To register/re-register locally available blocks.

`bb ls`

To see the list of all blocks in a package context and their details. It will show you the block name, block type, url, port, URL, Log data path, live status and sync status, of the block, in that order.

`bb log <block_name>`

Read and Display logs generated by Live blocks. this will watch the log files and write to the stdout.

`bb flush`

To remove the logs generated by bb-cli.

`bb create-version  <block_name>`

To attach a version to a block release. For a block to be published to the store, we need to first create a version of the block. This will create a version in git and this version will be tagged to the appblocks version and release.

`bb publish <block_name>`

To release a version to Appblocks Store. Once we create a version with bb create-version command, this needs to be published to your space. After we publish this to space, when you check the manage blocks tab in your space, you can find this block with a "Publish" button. Until unless you publish to space, this "Publish" button won't be there in that row.

`bb publish-to-store <block_name>`

To release a version to Appblocks Store from cli. This command will run through the workflow to release block directly to store from cli. You don't have to use the appblocks space UI to do the same. For this you have to publish to space first with bb publish command and then run this command.
The command will prompt you to collect some mandatory data related to block

`bb get <block_name>`

To get a block from the blocks registry. This will download the source code of the block to your workspace. Once you run bb sync after this, this block will be registered as a variant of the original block in your space. You can do any sort of customisation in this block and if you want you can release this variant to the block store.

`bb exec <command_to_run>`

To run custom commands inside all block directories. If a bash command need to be executed in all blocks separately, this command can be used.

`bb push <block_name>`

To push the changes to the repo for a block. Its analagoues to git commit + git push. The command will prompt you to add a comment.

`bb add-tag`

To add a tag to a particular block. Tags are needed for discoverability in the block store. You can filter based on tag in the block store UI.

`bb add-categories`

To add categories to a particular block. Categories are needed for proper searchability in the block store.
You can filter based on tag in the block store UI.

<!--
`bb start-job [block name]`

To start a job block in the local machine. It will be started as a cron job.

`bb stop-job [block name]`

To stop the job for a block. Removes the cronjob.

`bb pr  <block-name>` -->

<!-- To raise PR to a block pulled as a forked variant.

`bb update-language-version <block-name>` -->

<!-- To update or add new language versions supported by the block

`bb list-language-version <block-name>` -->

<!-- To list all language versions supported by the block -->

<!-- `bb delete <block-name>` -->

<!-- To delete the block from the registry. -->

<!-- `bb deploy <block-name>` -->

<!-- To deploy the block to the configured cloud infrastructure. Currently, appblocks supports easy deploy to AWS container infrastructure.

`bb delete-app`

To delete an app

`bb provision-app <appId>`

To provision an app to a package block context -->

<!-- `bb create-env`

To create an environment for the provisioned app. You can create any number of environments now. Normally, it's good to create dev, test, stage, and prod environments.

`bb upload [block_name]`

To upload the source code registry, after which the user can run the deploy command to use that uploaded version of source code to deploy the same in infrastructure. -->
